[URI of the OWL(RDF/XML) output file]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/ohmi/NCBITaxon_imports.owl

[Source ontology]
#comment here
#List of ontologies: OBI, NCBITaxon, MP, PATO, GO, DOID, IDO, CHEBI, SO, PRO, CL, ENVO, FMA, CARO
NCBITaxon

[Low level source term URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_10239
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2157
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2759
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_9606
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_10090
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_10116
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_4932 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_4896 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_5140 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_44689
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_6239
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_6668
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_7227
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_7955
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_8353
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_9031
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_3702
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_7742
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_9989
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_40674
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_4751 #fungi
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1654
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_838
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_104608
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_821
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_548
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_67825
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_590
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_87265
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1239
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_976
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_200643
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_186801
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_171549
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_186802
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1257
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1354003
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_815
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_543
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_81852
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_171552
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_816
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1350
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_570
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_838
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1088106
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_310297
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_165179
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_363265
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_36470
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_10407
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_11103
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_12721
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1743
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_76775
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_86731
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_76777
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_77020
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_5476
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_5481
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_55194
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1239
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_976
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_201174
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1224

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1496 #Clostridioides difficile RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1502 #Clostridium perfringens RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_29523 #Bacteroides species RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_171552 #Prevotellaceae RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_165179 #P. copri RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1314 #Streptococcus pyogenes RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_85004 #Bifidobacteriales RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_838 #Prevotella group RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_816 #Bacteroides RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_836 #Porphyromonas RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_817 #Bacteroides fragilis RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1532 #Blautia coccoides/Clostridium coccoides RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_29465 #Veillonella RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_724 #Haemophilus RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_573 #Klebsiella pneumoniae RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1681 #Bifidobacterium bifidum RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_40545 #Sutterella wadsworthensis RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_158847 #Megamonas hypermegale RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_333367 #Clostridium asparagiforme RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_471189 #Gordonibacter pamelaeae RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_84112 #Eggerthella lenta RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1898203 #Lachnospiraceae bacterium RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1689 #Bifidobacterium dentium RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1591 #Lactobacillus sp RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_46228 #Ruminococcus lactaris RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_29523 #Bacteroides sp RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_724 #haemophilus RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_416916 #aggragatibacter RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2717 #cardiobacterium  RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_538 #eikenella RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_32257 #kingella RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_172042 #rothia aeria RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_192066 #nesseria spp RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_172042 #rothia aeria RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1624 #lactobacillus salivarius RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1872650 #atopobium spp RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_84163 #cryptobacterium curtum RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_29465 #veillonella RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1654 #actinomycess sp RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_562 #Escherichia coli RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_584 #Proteus mirabilis RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_573 #Klebsiella pneumoniae RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2115 #mycoplasma Fermentans RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_837 #Porphyromonas gingivalis RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_837 #Porphyromonas gingivalis RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_28112 #Tannerella forsythensis RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_28131 #Prevotella intermedia RA Oral
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_216851 #Faecalibacterium RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_74426 #Collinsella aerofaciens RA faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_448465 #E. lenta RA faeces

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_641 #Vibrionaceae Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_657 #Photobacterium Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_662 #Vibrio Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_33042 #Coprococcus



http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_186803 #Lachnospiraceae NC2004 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_541000 #Ruminococcaceae NK4A214 Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1505663 #Erysipelatoclostridium Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_766165 #Escherichia coli EPEC Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_697899 #Escherichia coli ETEC Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_397864 #Barnesiella Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_115543 #Parasporobacterium Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_577309 #Paraprevotella Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_244127 #Anaerotruncus Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_46205 #Pseudobutyrivibrio Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_47678 #Bacteroides caccae  Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_29523 #Bacteroides sp Gout faeces 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_657309 #Bacteroides xylanisolvens XB1A Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_61170 #Holdemania Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_258514 #Acetanaerobacterium Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_116085 #Coprococcus catus  Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_853 #Faecalibacterium prausnitzii Gout faeces 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_459786 #Oscillibacter Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_41978 #Ruminococcus sp Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_283168 #Odoribacter Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_292632 #Subdoligranulum Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_588605 #Robinsoniella Gout faeces


http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_39948 #Dialister Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_239759 #Alistipes Gout faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_816 #Bacteroides Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_186803 #Lachnospiraceae Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1678 #Bifidobacterium Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1150298 #Fusicatenibacter saccharivorans Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1531 #Clostridium clostridioforme Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_239935 #Akkermansia muciniphila Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_816 #Bacteroides Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_239935 #Akkermansia muciniphila Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_821 #Bacteroides vulgatus Arthritis  Rat faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1354003 #Escherichia coli Arthritis  Rat faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1678 #Bifidobacterium Arthritis  Rat faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1182749 #Propionibacterium acnes Arthritis  Rat faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1582 #Lactobacillus casei Arthritis  Rat faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1613 # L.fermentum Arthritis  Rat faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1622 #Lactobacillus murinus Arthritis  Rat faeces

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_562 #Escherichia coli Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_573 #Klebsiella pneumonia Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_630 #Yersinia enterocolitica Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_817 #Bacteroides fragilis Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_33042 #Coprococcus spp psoriatic arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_239934 #Akkermansia psoriatic arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1263 #Ruminococcus psoriatic arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_46205 #Pseudobutyrivibrio psoriatic arthritis faeces 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_74201 #Verrucomicrobia psoriatic arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_375288 #Parabacteroides psoriatic arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_100883 #Coprobacillus psoriatic arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1301 #Streptococcus psoriatic arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1743 #Propionibacterium acnes psoriatic arthritis faeces


http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_853 #Faecalibacterium prausnitzii Arthritis faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1579 #Lactobacillus acidophilus Arthritis Rat faeces
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_1717 #Corynebacterium diphtheriae
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_85025 #Nocardiaceae



[Top level source term URIs and target direct superclass URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2157
subClassOf http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CARO_0001010 #CARO: organism or virus or viroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2
subClassOf http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CARO_0001010 #CARO: organism or virus or viroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_2759
subClassOf http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CARO_0001010 #CARO: organism or virus or viroid
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/NCBITaxon_10239
subClassOf http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/CARO_0001010 #CARO: organism or virus or viroid


[Source term retrieval setting]
includeComputedIntermediates

[Source annotation URIs]
http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label
copyTo http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000111
http://www.geneontology.org/formats/oboInOwl#hasExactSynonym
mapTo http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000118 #iao:alternative term
